Patch 506 (#527)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/azure/appservice/authentication-enabled.md

6. If the "App Service Authentication" is "Disabled", then click on "Enable authentication" button to enable authentication.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/appservice/authentication-enabled/step5.png"/>
7. Wait for the confirmation message on top right to ensure authentication is now enabled.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/appservice/authentication-enabled/step7.png"/>
8. If there is no "Identity provider" then you will see the "Add identity provider" button. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/appservice/authentication-enabled/step8.png"/>
9. Click on the "Add identity provider" button and choose your desired "Identity provider" by selecting the relevant provider's name.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/appservice/authentication-enabled/step9.png"/>
10. Now configure the behavior and click "Add" to complete the setup.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/appservice/authentication-enabled/step10.png"/>
11. Verify that "Authentication" is now enabled.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/appservice/authentication-enabled/step11.png"/>

> 12. Repeat steps 3 to 11 for enabling "Authentication" across all "App Services" in the account.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Repeat steps 3 to 11 to enable "Authentication" across all "App Services" in the account.</br>
```

## Detailed Remediation Steps

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
